Add quick connect documentation (#487)
jellyfin/jellyfin-docs: general/server/quick-connect.md

---
uid: server-quick-connect
title: Quick Connect
---

# Quick Connect

> Starting with Jellyfin server version 10.7.0 and supported clients, you can use Quick Connect to sign in to your account without the need of a password. You need to be logged in in one supported client, like the default Jellyfin Web Client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with Jellyfin server version 10.7.0 and supported clients, you can use Quick Connect to sign in to your account without the need of a password. You need to previously be logged into a supported client, like the default Jellyfin Web Client.
```

## Enabling Quick Connect

> To use Quick Connect, the Jellyfin server admin has to enable this feature in the server dashboard.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use Quick Connect, the Jellyfin server admin has to enable this feature in the server dashboard.

Settings > Dashboard > Quick Connect > Enable quick connect on this server (http://localhost:8096/web/index.html#!/quickConnect.html)
```

Reviewer 2: Includes directions on how to get to the settings. URL included, but is less important IMO. Feel free to remove.

## Using Quick Connect

> To sign in to a supported client, you have to start the Quick Connect pairing in your user settings. Now you can start the sign in proccess on your new device. The client will generate a 6 digit code, which you have to enter in the already signed in client in your user settings. If the code was validated successfully, your new device will be signed in without entering your Jellyfin username or password on the new device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To sign in to a supported client, you have to start the Quick Connect pairing in your user settings. Now you can start the sign in proccess on your new device. The client will generate a 6 digit code, which you have to enter in the already signed in client in your user settings. If the code is validated successfully, your new device will be signed in without entering your Jellyfin username or password on the new device.
```

> To sign in to a supported client, you have to start the Quick Connect pairing in your user settings. Now you can start the sign in proccess on your new device. The client will generate a 6 digit code, which you have to enter in the already signed in client in your user settings. If the code is validated successfully, your new device will be signed in without entering your Jellyfin username or password on the new device.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To sign in to a supported client, you have to start the Quick Connect pairing in your user settings.

Settings > Quick Connect > Activate (http://localhost:8096/web/index.html#!/mypreferencesquickconnect.html)

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12074633/115973526-aecc6000-a523-11eb-9ed6-59bee41bac7b.png)

Now you can start the sign in process on your new device. If the code is validated successfully, your new device will be signed in without entering your Jellyfin username or password on the new device.

The client will generate a 6 digit code, which you have to enter in the already signed in client in your user settings.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12074633/115973542-c99ed480-a523-11eb-9d61-17ccd628e123.png)
```

Reviewer 2: Includes directions on how to get to the settings. URL included, but is less important IMO. Feel free to remove.

Also includes some helper images, which could be nice.
